show me the way yeah yeah today gig gig
again it's changed our job Giggy Giggy
oh man that is really fucking I don't
know is it I use like ice every time you
do that I just start thinking about how
happy you sound like this gang along and
then I lose my train of thought
fuck it I'm sorry no no don't worry
about it I mean this are told that the
engrams all about good times
goodbye of see the most called game
grump if people want good music they can
head over to our friends at vivo vivo
vivo gov download your favorite
Christina Aguilera tracks today yeah
from the government download them
tomorrow even or today download them
yesterday tomorrow in New Zealand right
now wow that just blow your fucking mind
did you know that yesterday was today
tomorrow oh my god
ok yeah hold on little close-ups yeah on
Google yeah please watch all 19 right
now yeah better go there and go we'll
wait and welcome back wow how was it
yeah did you like it was that really
good didn't are you hungry it's been 19
hours yes Jesus Christ Wow and I gotta
go up to the browser area or get out
still fuck it on our flight Bowser nice
do really yeah you got it you got what I
happen to go through a level first whoa
yeah Rhona Mountain sounds refreshing
[Laughter]
nothing like a hard drink oh no oh I'm
burning alive in flavor but mouth is
here with the Oh
okay I see what's up oh yeah okay yes
this is not an one man okay a
consignment of curse
oh I do I have sick huh welshed Oh what
the fuck I hear you're quite the
knapsack
thanks man I got it at JCPenny oh really
yeah there's another brand you alright
yeah yeah
JCPenney do those still exist JCPenney
yeah I guess they probably did yeah of
course they do
okay I don't know I don't go shopping
great off that's true no we can catch
this one yeah but we already have a
Moltres but I want to ride it
yay Oh grand Cathedral here we go
alright so uh now I don't think I should
go down to the place because there might
be items down there it's well won and
damp with sweets if I'm reading that
correctly I'm far from the TV what's the
soup me ray like stick it in your mouth
and do that like like sucky thing like
that would didn't it him
tastes like raspberry kool-aid what's my
kool-aid oh yeah did you know that
kool-aid and Crystal Light are the same
thing get the fuck out of here
branding my friend and just one is
marketed it's like a diet drink yeah
that's hilarious you look at the
ingredients on like instant kool-aid
that you put in like a water bottle and
then instant Crystal Light it's the same
exact Wow
like to the fucking is it by the same
company to the oh yeah crest I killed
the balls on uncraft yeah dude that's
just how that's how you do it man you
think just because you make delicious
single cheese slices oh yeah I now oh
how did I just make you diet yeah pretty
much
sorry Jesus you know what it's weird
I do I go in like spurts of like liking
and disliking cheese that's not how it
works if I fell down that in real life
I'd be fine I agree I agree I would have
bounced right up and been buying
groceries right now at the Whole Foods
right afterwards yeah I assume I took
that fall climbing the produce section
of because they stack shit very high
they do right yeah
no way up there you know what's cool
about Whole Foods though first of all
this is that we're we're not paid to
talk about ya know what wouldn't gross a
poisoned food anyway
[Laughter]
where did you spell any sinister brand
ill make it yeah um they go uh there's
like a little area where like you get
fish uh-huh and so you can buy fish from
there but they'll also just like cook
you fish really yeah like if you just
show up and you're like can I get some
salmon and they're like alright do you
want to cook me or like yeah can I get
it grilled with like some lemon then
they're like yeah don't do that I'll
just fuckin do it for you what yeah and
it's like no extra charge goddamn Whole
Foods I know it's pretty rad
you're all right in my book so sometimes
I go there and I just get some fucking
grilled salmon sometimes I just go there
and I sample the cheeses and meats that
they have on toothpicks and I just walk
around endlessly until I'm full and then
I leave I've never done that but it
sounds like something you would have
done me why what's wrong with you oh
you're out you're always telling tales
of your impoverished youth when you were
a young rapscallion on the street oh I
didn't know about Whole Foods back then
okay I thought I actually honestly
didn't know what Whole Foods was cuz I
had a friend who was obsessed with Whole
Foods and and they were like do to go to
Whole Foods to eat all the time and I'm
like it's in a grocery store and they're
like he's like you can get food there
and I'm like yeah that's what a grocery
store like yeah groceries yes there was
one of those conversations where he was
never quite specific enough to like let
me know that it's like it's a grocery
store and also they serve food yeah yeah
like a full-on buffet yeah so it's just
kind of like I don't get it like would
so you good okay yeah I'm confused the
first time I heard about it I was like
oh is it like Trader Joe's I sometimes
go there and they're like thank you poor
bastard that's like wow sorry I didn't
geez look Trader Joe's is alright but I
always get weird vibes from them like it
feels really like um time for Falls
it feels really crowded in there and
like I'm being judged all the time
really yeah I don't know why I just get
that feeling
that is weird I wasn't peeing and
pooping at the same time that's
something I always I was thinking about
the other day right because I was
reading I had an email from like like a
company I think it like Sony or
something and by the way I forgot that
shout it out but shout out to Sony for
sending us the 20th anniversary
PlayStation controllers that is fucking
awesome I mean they do that yeah just
for nobody can look at that um I could
kind of even look over a shout-out you
send us free awesome shit I'll give you
shoutout
yeah totally um anyway Sony emails
especially you pure anal lube thanks
again so Sony the the lame disgusting
company they are haha so Sony emailed me
and it was just like dear Aaron and I
was like you know I feel like deer is an
outdated introductory letter writing
things
sincerely Sony Corporation a ticket so I
mean it's just like I don't even call
anybody in my waking life gear anymore
even people I would call deer right like
I'd be like oh my dear Suzy like I don't
say that it's exclusively for letter
writing a dude you don't fucking think I
know that
I'm just trying how it's hard to do
listen it was day and age I'm not a dr.
pepper or anything like that but I think
you're giving me 137 flavours of sass
right sweet wine that's 37 oh is that
what that is
did you know baskin-robbins has 31
flavors I do and it goes into the logo
it goes into the logo yeah how so
the the right side of the be in the left
side of the are not the 31 top I have to
see it now oh my god it's fucking genius
that's like thought that's like the
Hartford Whalers whaletail logo whoa
well done here baskin-robbins yeah
yeah pretty amazing I love the holy shit
you're right yeah whoa
that's bananas Kevin put up the Baskin
Robbins logo well we are definitely not
we do enjoy ice cream hey baskin-robbins
if you ever want to come on my those 31
flavors I'm just picturing like a
boardroom meeting where they're like so
popular youtuber
requested that we as a company jizz on
his fail I'm trying to do it so we're
this meeting is to determine who will be
the one doing that yes Jim do you have
any opinions yes I would really love to
come with this vision all right Jim Jim
you're fired
you are wow your fire um although
baskin-robbins if you I'm pretty sure
it's basking on mm-hmm if you want to do
a cookie postprandial with us yes I
would be a hundred percent on board for
that we will eat a whole cookie puss in
one sitting I I will I'll slide either
way Liz what I like that we cookie puss
no I'll do fucking and if you want to do
a cookie o'puss
deal I am down for that too really yeah
that is the st. Patrick's Day version
are you serious cookie puss I thought I
thought you meant cookie opis like a
really fucking huge concerto of cook oh
no because cookie puss is like hey
everybody I'm cookie buzz and then
cookie o'puss is like hello everybody
I'm Chloe boss cookie all of us here's
never you to celebrate huh I heard
hundred I did I say I know Jax thinks
about the bastardization of his culture
that we do oh you'll never make it this
is the Hartford Whalers logo do you see
the H yeah yeah that my favorite sports
logo of all time is the Hartford Whalers
logo Kevin
put it up and it's a it's really clever
it's got a whale tail and between the W
of whalers and the whale tail in the
negative space is like a secret age for
Hartford so clever so 70s he knows about
the FedEx air oh yes I didn't like I saw
it one day and because of the whalers
logo it like made me like look at
negative space and things the FedEx logo
has like an arrow pointing between the
heat between the X and the y e yeah I
guess that's what's next to the X isn't
it
fuck well great mmm so it looks like I
don't know if it was intentional or not
but it sure makes sense it's like oh
it's going it's getting delivered so
they're always moving yeah hey FedEx
would you like to come on our face give
us alike yeah at game Crum I think we
have a better chance of getting
sponsored by Hartford Whalers a fucking
defunct hockey team whatever man so
baskin-robbins yeah you if you want to
do a cookie postprandial or a cookie
o'puss Brandel or um fuck it was the
Bears name like a bear was like it was
like mochi hugging bear or something
lugging lots of hugs bear or something
god damn it
fuck this part god I hate this part
yeah hates becoming real actual Baskin
Robbins if you want to do a cookie puss
- have you seen cookie cookie presses
Carvel Carvel I knew it I see I knew it
I let in with like oh maybe it's not
Baskin wrong barbell ok carve-out fuck
you Baskin Rock Carvel if you want to
deal with us Baskin Robbins coming on my
face is still on the table but Carvel if
you want to do a cookie boy she'll
fucking - please Wow
holy shit that was amazing hold me up I
can't believe you went from fucking
offering to have someone like nut on
your face to be like no you instead you
whore Aaron no Baskin Robbins could
still come all over my face if they if
they
but you fuck exchanges bullshit how
could a 14 year old little girl do this
you don't know if it was a girl like you
don't know it was a boy
I don't Chili's please baby burps oh my
god did you see the fucking you know
what I'm going to talk about Bryan yeah
Bryan Bryan who runs our Twitter ninja
Bryan managed to get chili of an
Applebee's fighting for our love oh my
god and I think that's fucking amazing
she liked a lot loving shoutouts to
whoever runs the Chili's at Applebee's
Twitter but they were like at war with
us too like fucking she would take them
to prom well on phone no you're not
there's another turtle shell yeah I got
a spin JP you can do it yeah oh god I
gotta take my time because there's no
yeah there's no rush other than a time
limit there is no someone Harris oh
that's exciting
yeah what the Oh but real quick we just
got chilies and Applebee's to fight over
who is going to take us to prom the game
grumps
so who I don't know but adding Denny's
got in the mix today really
Applebee's was like we can slow dance
and sit in the corner and and Brian was
like just so you know Applebee's we're
seeing Chili's of the sidemen chili pop
site over there like yeah we want our
baby back fucking awesome oh god damn it
you're so awesome Applebee's in Chile
lovingly chill a batch of donuts the way
you in Suzie this it's like it's like um
like a bonding experience between the
two of you yeah because they're fucking
delicious it's kind of beautiful to
watch and there's a great place in LA
that we just discovered called donut
friend donut friend yeah do they deliver
I don't know I mean everything delivers
now with postmates shit that's right but
Jesus this is like been like 30
endorsements and one of them like if you
like having a meal that's not a meal and
also like getting don't up straight to
your door get on down to post a Soylent
don't yeah we are getting pay for none
of this by the way I get paid for
nothing
although donut friend wants to
give me a fucking some free donuts for
shout them out okay yeah they're already
like so popular they need to open up a
new branch anyway really but they make
Donuts that are not only like delicious
but they make like but also nutritious
they make you have right
they make donut sandwiches so like
they'll put like cream in the middle of
like yes Erin seriously I cannot I can
deal with a lot of things but promises
of tits and ass that don't exist I'll
just go on your phone and fucking Bing
it all right hold on Wow I'm not
sponsored by Bing I'm just because Bing
is better at porn I do wonder what
happens when you google tits and ass it
must be the most popular pair of tits
and ass you'll ever see
could you imagine what I find out could
you imagine that's like a thing from
your song could you imagine this image
search on oh my god would you get tits
and ass whoa big ass Oh blac Chyna
didn't she just die
no that's not China China but I think I
thought they both died this blac Chyna
picked that shit out boom blac Chyna
died but I just fell in love with her
ass like two seconds ago guy just
fucking made the bridge fall Oh God what
you caught me right in the middle of
mouthful of punishment oh yeah how's it
taste
punch max which fucking light and fluffy
- look man you know I used to not like
them when I was kid we're not getting
paid for this is all about the texture I
like him now well my grandparents mm-hmm
used to give me puffed wheat all the
time and honey spank has just puffed
wheat with a shit ton of sugar on it oh
there you go yeah so hey can't go wrong
cannot go wrong I'm gonna I'm gonna
goddamn it fucking idiot get away dude
come on cut me some goddamn slack for
fuck's sake this is really slow up these
stairs
the chance he could have blinked really
long Oh yep was like fuck it up I'm
drinking coca-cola right now we're not
fostered by coca-cola I don't
particularly like it that much but I'm
just doing it to get a sugar high yeah
if we were sponsored by coca-cola I'd
strongly recommend you don't follow that
statement with I don't like it that much
that's what I'm saying God the
refreshing taste of coke is not that
good well yeah I feel obligated when I
endorse something and then don't sponsor
it and they're not my hammer fast enough
I have to have big swing from both
angles you know I completely understand
because like I'm eating a candy bar
right now likes a Snickers I'd be like
this thick is delicious
but I fucking hate how so many peanuts
in it fucking dumb and that would be fun
Wow hey at least you hit them - yeah
we're coming up with amazing lyrics all
the songs like the victory song which is
now I just want to fuck your dad fuck
your dad tell me about that one oh I was
I kind of my inside point of that for
air for radio play here we are I'm
eating a simply balanced on I plug this
company yeah we're not like Target brand
I mean it is it's a target print it's
Club simply balance fruit strip wild
berry yeah and I think it's made with
natural ingredients it's supposed to be
like a mmm let's supposed to be like a
fruit roll-up but it's made up of
natural ingredients like a sorbic acid
it'll make you shit yourself inside out
guys what you were saying yeah it's
really tense mmm
I sure do love eating Target brand
simply balanced fruit strip wild berry
shop getting paid the UM the uh the
other thing was um shut up
yeah well I mean like people are gonna
think it's a brand deal and we're like
in no way affiliated however yeah don't
hate me because I love my dish it's a
delicious taste of I love my natural
pure sparkling water Lacroix
it's no calories and no artificial
sweeteners that's how you know it's good
Aaron stop talking about fucking
delicious with Kroy Oh just cracked over
in a fresh can myself listen listen to
that hum listen to that baby purr hmm
God I could drink a hundred of these
couldn't you dance my god is that
natural mango essence mmm and mines
flavorless cool so it's pretty much
water lesbian to bits yet some pure
sparkling water nut they call it pure
they don't call it flavorless fantastic
but I do and that's what I love
I could slam like 30 of these now right
now I'm being sincere I could slam I
loved slamming flavorless water me two
flavorless sparkling what I'm talking
about having intercourse you're just
worrying about drinking it okay when
whenever I drink the flavored ones I
just have to like sip it because I'm
liking the bubbles in the flavor the
back of lugs head looks like a butt with
an extra cheek Oh bold and I love your
food and then I'm gonna have your food
and I'm gonna go over here and get
something out of the fridge need that
that's how I am in front of our snack
wall we have a wall of snacks in the
office to keep ourselves hyped which is
where I got my goddamn an errand like my
target brand natural beauty whatever the
fuck up Aaron you're embarrassed you're
embarrassing yourself just because you
want to talk about your simply bhau's
food stripe wild very naturally flavor
moves natural ingredients are delicious
you get one at your local tarjay oh I've
probably talked about this on the show
before because it really steams me up
Tosh Club but you know how Walmart is
like super Walmart
mm-hmm Target started making new targets
and they just call them like Target
something like Target Super Target or
some shit like that okay but they should
have called it fucking bullseye Oh like
with the f-word involved no they could
have called a target bull's eye okay
but they such a missed opportunity
I keep thinking of Mitch Hedberg like I
went to Target but I'm missed
I think the entrance to Target should
just have people splattered all around
oh what a genius that guy was cool he's
made and I and I think there was an HD
remake a little elevator I could be
wrong but seems like something they
would have done for like Xbox Live's
summer arcade or some shit
summer of Archaea do you remember that
oh yeah Charlie murder so some of the
greatest games that we've ever played
where are you now
some of the greatest games that we've
ever been paid to play oh that was that
was you know what it was exciting for me
in that sense because I was just like
holy shit like I'm getting paid to play
video game oh yeah
he's fucking nuts one of the one of the
things that I feel like I can bond with
jesse cox yeah right remember summer of
arcade yeah those were the days
who were the people in that it was it
was Jesse and we just caught smart wire
was on an episode yeah videos on all of
them remember well he and I had that
competition the dance-off Brendon where
did I worm and then my god I wish I
could do the worm and then there was a
cosplayer oh oh yeah blonde girl named
forgot I forgot who she is and Lisa
foils I think was hosting Lisa foils
yeah she was cool yeah I forgot about
her I suppose she's great yep is she
living happy in Vegas man is she ray
yeah that's awesome way to do this is
fun interaction just like the reminisce
hour what's that oh yeah a good time I
remember we were doing something more
interesting than what we're doing at
this exact moment is that what it is
yeah man when you gonna go beat fucking
lizard so you can get the fourth animal
I'm strummed I just I was on my way and
I saw a shrine and I was like I guess
I'll tell take a stop and get like a
little red bowl or something okay and
then in a Snickers bar cuz I'm feeling
all hungry grab a Snickers little pit
stop little pit stop at the light I wish
Snickers oh my god could you imagine I
feel like Snickers probably has some
cash just lying around just a little
what is it Mars is that who runs that
company Mars
Yeah right Mars is M&Ms I know that
oh yeah then they're doing pretty well
for themselves yeah well I don't know
man I don't like M&Ms I'm not a huge fan
oh well then they should probably be
shaking in their boots well having Aaron
doesn't I noted internet douchebag I
have that on my tombstone noted in a net
douchebag he realized North Pacific
Tuesday will the internet even still be
around when we die of old age elbow I
mean it'll be like the SHM Internet at
that point I feel like it'll be like
just this thing that's like injected
into people's brains and I'm totally
legal it'll yeah a good game gross by
that point jam it up your pee hole
everybody in case you don't know that
reference maybe google it yeah or maybe
it's not a reference maybe we just like
had a fucking meeting of our minds and
instinctively came up with a hilarious
people joke simultaneously